<!--
This file is auto-generated and any changes made to it will be overwritten
-->
# tests

## tests._test


### About tests

Test test README is formatted correctly.


### Action

Test calling of `Action` plugin.


### Call coverage xml

Test `coverage xml` is called after successful test run.


### Call doctest readme

Test success and failure with `doctest-readme` plugin.


### Call sort pyproject

Test register and call of `sort-pyproject` plugin.


### Change logged fail

Test change-logged when failing.


### Change logged pass

Test change-logged when passing.


### Commit policy

Test commit policy generation from .conform.yaml.


### Docs

Test `pyaud docs`.


### Doctest readme

Test plugin for doctest.


### Download missing stubs

Test for coverage on missing stubs file.


### Get packages

Test process when searching for project’s package.


### Nested toc

Test that only one file is completed with a nested project.

Prior to this commit only `repo.src.rst` would be removed.

This commit will remove any file and copy its contents to the
single <NAME>.rst file e.g. `repo.routes.rst` is removed and
`repo.routes`, `repo.routes.auth`, `repo.routes.post`, and
`repo.routes.views` is added to repo.rst.


### Parametrize

Test the correct plugins are called when using `Parametrize`.


### Pycharm hosted

Test that color codes are produced with `PYCHARM_HOSTED`.


### Pytest is tests

Test that `pytest` is correctly called.

Test that `pytest` is not called if:

> 
> * there is a test dir without tests


> * incorrect names within tests dir


> * no tests at all within tests dir.


### Readme help

Test commit policy generation from .conform.yaml.


### Readme help no commandline

Test commit policy generation from .conform.yaml.


### Readme help no readme rst

Test commit policy generation from .conform.yaml.


### Readme replace

Test that `LineSwitch` properly edits a file.


### Toc

Test that the default toc file is edited correctly.

Ensure additional files generated by `sphinx-api` doc are removed.


### Typecheck re raise err

Test for re-raise of error for non stub library errors.


### Whitelist

Test a whitelist.py file is created properly.

Test for when piping data from `vulture --make-whitelist`.


